[Music]
peachie fan I am here I just made
kitchen hello things are going down
right now okay to be fair this is like
the easiest recipe that I've ever found
on internet recess a few ingredients
social recipes you all are going to have
to watch it video but we're going to do
something very epic that I think will
surprise you guys I was surprised
here's a secret that I have not told
anyone I just revealed it to just being
the other day so I have never actually
had a peach if you're new around here
that's probably like so what that is
like okay but my entire life branding is
around seeing peachy because my last
name is DG so I always say sincerity Qi
rhymes with peachy so I've been living a
lie and Justin is here to help me put
all that about like what you do with
cooking your challenge oh that's amazing
well you I try to cook I think it
started off by I got a blender and I was
like this is 50 years ago and I was this
blender is so expensive I'm going to use
it for absolutely everything that I do
and then I started like making videos
about it and then here we are many years
later it's amazing yes great we're
making a peach involved recipe on her
channel but I was like you know I this
is a great opportunity I've never had a
peach in my life and it makes no sense
so who else to share this moment with
and Justine I okay first impressions of
the peach I didn't anticipate the
fuzziness of it it's soft it feels like
a little like a little looser people who
like constantly review cameras and new
tag and stuff and now I feel like a
review of a peach of fruit that has been
around forever but how does it feel how
does it function it feels firm perfume I
feel like people are gonna make just
guys oh are you kidding me right now
oh I haven't done this one in a while
this is this a little bit more difficult
oh no oh I didn't really do much when I
was a kid okay so I found okay hold on
hold on though cuz usually I'm the
person I can't handle what I can't I
can't do all of the trips I feel like he
emoji is it true to the it just looks
like an apple like a fuzzy Apple yeah
are they not ripe I could be fair I
don't really know much about peaches
either or so well of course you have to
have peach Lacroix while you're eating
peaches you should also try these two Oh
apparently I got the light peach and
you've got that kind of grosses me out
what a magical time we live in
you are watching a video of two girls
being peaches what sounds so I think we
should probably cut the peach I'm kind
of scared because if I just like it
literally I'm living a lie would you say
earlier at 32 rhymes with pichi pichi
pichi pichi
I can be 32 your empathy she just moves
la yeah if you like it which one would
you like
oh my goodness I'll take the smaller one
alright okay alright so I guess
wonderful it'll cut a peach have you
guys heard of a song peaches by
presidents United States that came out
in 1986 I know
apparently there's a whole song about
peaches that I didn't know about so
maybe you should be I just seen run for
doesn't work
one of them would like a white peach and
the other one was looking for a peach so
how did okay are you going to Rio for it
I want you to cut it first here's the
moment alright
there's been a rush I don't know you
like cutting kind of heat very good
yeah I'm doing it wrong no no I'm okay
just come by I'm just kinda put my knife
down okay there's obviously a way to cut
a piece but I am not aware of I'm not
sure of the proper way but peaches have
pits in them Oh God
all right how did one cut a fruit with a
pit
we shouldn't have to Google how to cut
open up fruit you like we can do this
and then we can do it but I don't know
if there's like a proper way though if I
were to do it this is what I would think
just do like one of these okay have you
cut an avocado before I love the avocado
life but I have never cut one so this is
definitely not how you open avocado I
just cut it right down the middle and
that I do want to do you sew it in there
like a pretty hardcore
oh my good oh my that cruel shall we
matter what we have here so if you've
never seen a peach before I think we are
embarking on some uncharted territory do
people just eat peaches yeah they just
even like an apple please I didn't know
that world existed out there there's a
lot a lot of the resting on this because
I might have to change my entire online
for
smell smell it it smells so good it
smells good all right mouth like
subscribe to my videos : calm okay hmm
I've had features they've tasted a
little bit more sweet yeah I just might
not be entirely right right
loads web okay it's not terrible no I've
had features that tasted better
other than that mmm a little tangy yeah
it's not things that shouldn't be
changing it's definitely not ready to be
eaten
apparently this is not ready to be eaten
so and you're the only thing that throws
me off is there like fuzziness of the
skin I mean I'm sure you can peel it if
you want yeah I do like the flavor
though so that's good
this is a piece since you're good a
school is def go to see it's a white
peach actual this is really good
well what what are white peaches did you
guys know white peaches existed
I've only it's also not right what
what's wrong
he just should be soft crunching haha
yeah it's not like celery that they
should be like that
this is this is what you're gonna love
this yeah that's not very good
mmm okay see people just eat these yeah
we just come from a can really way do
you take a bite of this and it's also
the light version that's like the
healthier mmm yeah get that this is kind
of gross to me oh my god is it good okay
like that's incredible
all right here we go
don't stab yourself Sameer my name is
Josh spongebob I did not I mean like
I've seen it like I know he wears pants
right well Rowley right now so sorry I
will go for two diamond are you really I
don't think I can but ha ha
that texture it's so good
Condon very turned off by sly meanness
it's pretty slimy yeah they're like look
at that
slime that's slime so my final thoughts
are I do enjoy the flavor peach yes I do
texture wise I think I'm more prone to
this than that this is pretty slimy yeah
you have like a ripe peach I'm so sorry
this is what I see going on I mean I do
I mean if you an order this via Amazon
yeah
we're living in the future you want me
to drink this oh god no no no yeah I
mean it's really good that's far put
some vodka in there and you've got all a
nice day I just want to thank the PG fan
for joining me on this amazing journey
of chasing a peach I feel like I can
live in my brand be more we're filming a
video around just Han channel of peach
cobbler gone wrong Wow there's three
steps back how did we mess it up thank
you for having me hanging out our video
and the description below go pictures
millions of pieces your penis envy
[Music]
okay just finished up shooting but you
got quite a rig here yeah we've got nuts
out and you're part of Sony fam - we
over here the peach can we like Sony
yeah oh yeah we like Sony I am now so
what are your interests yes this is
napus - yeah so what do you guys shoot
with all these could look at the setup
guys sami 8 7s mark 7 right and yeah can
we like this small HD you guys I'm kind
of convinced that you want it's so
pretty isn't it a lot of minutes
mm mm NIT thank you - can you show just
some nail that we just shot oh yeah I
want them oh my gosh yeah this one's
definitely better so amazing right yeah
this one's pretty you don't know this a
external monitor has a lot of yeah a lot
of purposes but you can do a lot of
things it's a bigger screen and it's
going to be brighter and are you good
for outside this one's good for outside
can be zebras instead line all right
goodness so gonna do so much there's so
you can add and it does this thing with
like pages where you can actually have
multiple you can have like a waveform a
histogram audio meters and then you
could switch between to the Donalds back
and like one thing it has an SD card
slot on the top so that you can put
picture profiles you can put a different
one no way
so there's so many cool things we get
you can tell this one's brighter than
this one so this is the first version
okay this is the second version and then
at any be 2017 they announced the 703
it's so it's so bright I'm winding
really it is but it's really super crazy
and how much students go for like so
this one is like the brightest it's over
a thousand I think this one is like 1502
grams right look uh yeah it really does
help especially with filming this stuff
you can see yourself you can obviously
see the focus better and this is another
ace on f2 yes and this one we've got my
little firm liz'll
oh and that's Emmanuel Kremlin's right
Oh what phalanx is that 35 and not was a
2470 good setup kit and then lighting
was beautiful is like my lack of a
vehicle in it
we're but we're actually we're in the
front again redesigning the whole tissue
super excited about it
okay so we're going to use like that led
okay right gear Haley okay interesting
and then we're doing Sennheiser wireless
does it record straight onto the camera
which is nice
[Music]
yes there's a little cramp right right
the male makes those that is going into
the air oh really yeah yeah you got that
preamp what yeah just wanted to let you
guys know that they don't play games
around here they don't and you need to
check out all of these cooking things
because y'all know I don't know all
right wait you haven't been high to the
prog ah no come here boy okay oh my
goodness you are so cute okay wait oh my
gosh
[Music]
oh that's a pretty puzzle
yeah uh-huh right hi hi I really don't
like cooking but that was the funnest
I've ever had cooking with just means
really cooking on her Channel and then
the peach taste test you know what you
guys just saw she's like the sweetest
human ever so fun hanging out with her
um yeah Jonathan got anything to say
yeah sure do I can't believe that in
this day in age someone is pretty as you
into this I am those sort of Robin I
think I think he is the second nice hey
good job done hey how would have been
fantastic try to do what it is I feel
like this would be harder Wow yes I want
Eliza plexippus all right
not all that madness oh no I hope you
guys have a fabulous day
oh yeah another day in la-la land
feeling good still tired we did a lot of
editing less moon Oprah dude that
editing like you know what I'd like this
video hit the subscribe button down
below
all of people's links are in the
description make sure to not just teens
did you I put videos here every Monday
through Friday so hit that notification
ballad you have not yet baby okay
[Music]